RELEASE NOTES
=============START SNIPPET: rn
v1.20.0
------
	date:	2017-11-03
	
	Jung library has been upgraded to 2.1.1 version.
	Such update required an adaptation of all GUI classes of the package.
	CSTNU DC checking algorithm is now sound-and-complete.
	CSTNEditor allows now to view a graph in a bigger window and to save it as PDF or other graphical format. The export menu is accessible clicking the mouse
	inside the window containing the graph to export.
	There are now 6 classes for checking CSTN/CSTNU:
		1. it.univr.di.algorithms.CSTN: it checks a CSTN instance assuming the standard semantics.
		2. it.univr.di.algorithms.CSTNepsilon: it checks a CSTN instance assuming an not-zero reaction time (epsilon).
		3. it.univr.di.algorithms.CSTNir: it checks a CSTN instance assuming instantaneous reactions.
		4. it.univr.di.algorithms.CSTNirRestricted: as it.univr.di.algorithms.CSTNir but the used rules are 3 instead of 6. Such checking can be faster than it.univr.di.algorithms.CSTNir one.
		5. it.univr.di.algorithms.CSTNU: it checks a CSTNU instance assuming instantaneous reactions.
		6. it.univr.di.algorithms.CSTNwoNodeLabel: it checks a CSTN instance assuming the standard semantics. The instance is translate into an equivalent CSTN instance without node labels and, then, checked.
	GraphMLReader has been rewritten because based on Jung GraphMLReader2 that is not able to manage big attribute data.
	GraphMLReader has been renamed CSTNUGraphMLReader.
	GraphMLWriter has been renamed CSTNUGraphMLWriter.   

v1.10.0
------
	date:	2017-06-22
	
	Package reorganization.
	CSTNEditor cleaned and optimized.

v1.9.0
------
	date:	2016-03-31
	
	Labels are represented in a more compact way.
	Labeled value sets requires less memory.
	It is still possible to choose which kind of representation to use for labeled value sets.
	
v1.8.0
------
	date:	2016-02-24

	Graphs are represented by a new optimized class.
	
v1.7.9
------
	date:	2015-11-26
	
	Added the new feature to CSTN DC-checking. Now DC-checking algorithm considers a user specified 'reaction time' ε (ε>0) of the system during the checking of 
	a network. A reaction time ε means that an engine that executes a CSTN reacts in at least ε time units to a setting of a truth-value to a proposition.  

v1.7.8
------
	date:	2015-10-28
	
	A new sanity check about the correctness of an input CSTNU added: each contingent time point has to have one incoming edge of type 'contingent' and one
	outgoing edge of type 'contingent' from/to the same node, representing the activation time point.

v1.7.7
------
	date:	2015-10-22
	
	Fixed another issue with instantaneous reaction in CSTNU. Thanks to Dian Liu for his help in discovering such error.
	I repeat that, even in this release, it is better to set any timepoint---that depends from a observation timepoint or follows a contingent timepoint---to 
	a not 0 distance from the considered observation timepoint or contingent one.

v1.7.6
------
	date:	2015-09-30
	
	Fixed a subtle bug in the generation of new edges. Thanks to Dian Liu for his help in discovering such error.

v1.7.5
------
	date:	2015-09-23
	
	Cleaned some log messages. 
	We have discovered that instantaneous reaction feature requires a sharp adjustment in semantics of the network.
	We are currently working in the introduction of an ε-reaction (with ε ≥ 0) feature. 
	In the mean time, for CSTN it is possible to DC check assuming instantaneous reaction (ε = 0) 
	while for CSTNU it is only possible to DC check assuming non-instantaneous reaction (ε > 0).
	
	For now, it is better to set any timepoint---that depends from a observation timepoint or follows a contingent timepoint---to a not 0 distance from the 
	considered observation timepoint or contingent one.
	
v1.7.4
------
	date:	2015-09-13
	
	In this release, a more strict check of contingent links has been introduced.
	Bounds of a contingent link A==[x,y]==>B must observe the property 0<x<y<∞. 
	Moreover, since for CSTNU instances it is not yet defined the concept of 'instantaneous reactions', it is not possible to define
	a CSTNU instance in which there exists a constraint like C--[0,0]-->B where B is contingent.
	This constraint requires that C has to be executed in at the same time of the contingent time point B, but this is not possible 
	because B is decided by the environment and the runtime engine has to observe it before to execute standard node like C.
	
v1.7.3
------
	date:	2015-09-10
	
	This release contains some minor bug fixes and a revision of public methods of class it.univr.di.cstnu.algorithms.CSTNU.
	Now, it is possible to check the controllability of a CSTN instance instantiating a CSTNU object and calling its
	dynamicControllabilityCheck(LabeledIntGraph) method.
	It is sufficient to create a LabeledIntGraph object representing a given CSTNU instance (in LabeledIntGraph class there is also a method for loading 
	an instance from a file written in GraphML format), instantiate a CSTNU object and call its method dynamicControllabilityCheck(LabeledIntGraph) passing 
	the created graph.
	
	Moreover, I add the class it.univr.di.cstnu.algorithms.CSTNURunningTime and the script CSTNURunningTime for checking a bundle of CSTNU instances obtaining also 
	some execution time statistics.

v1.7.2
------
	date:	2015-06-24
	
	This release contains some minor bug fixes and a README file explaining the proposed examples of CSTNU/CSTN instances.
	Thanks to Huan Wang for his comments.
	 
v1.7.1
------
	date:	2015-05-28

	This release contains a faster Dynamic Consistency check for CSTNs.
	The java class <<<CSTN.java>>> has been completely rewritten and almost optimized for a faster check.

v1.7.0
------
	date:	2015-03-23

	This release is the first public release.

=============END SNIPPET: rn